Enable autotune for osd_memory_target on bootstrap (#44394)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/services/osd.rst

memory consumption based on the total amount of RAM and the number of deployed
OSDs.

> .. warning:: Cephadm sets ``osd_memory_target_autotune`` to ``true`` by default.

Reviewer: ... which is unsuitable for HCI environments

> .. warning:: Cephadm sets ``osd_memory_target_autotune`` to ``true`` by default which is unsuitable for HCI environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. warning:: Cephadm sets ``osd_memory_target_autotune`` to ``true`` by default which is unsuitable for Hyper-converged infrastructures.
```

HCI is perhaps an industry term but it's better to avoid the acronym if possible.
